Update Create a Deployment (#765)
astronomer/docs: astro/create-deployment.md

description: Learn how to create an Astro Deployment.
---

An Astro Deployment is an Astro Runtime instance that is powered by the core components of Apache Airflow. This includes: the Airflow Webserver, the Triggerer, a Postgres metadata database, one or more Schedulers, and one or more workers. Every Deployment is hosted on a single Astro Cluster with its own dedicated resources and you can customize it to meet the unique requirements of your Organization. Every Astro Cluster operates with a primary database that hosts the individual databases for each Deployment.

Within a Workspace, you can create Deployments and push DAGs to any Deployment from the Astro CLI or from a continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) process. You can also invite other users to the Workspace and create Deployments.

> If you prefer, you can run the `astrocloud deployment create` command in the Astro CLI to create a Deployment. See [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference/astrocloud-deployment-create.md).

Reviewer: Can we add this in a tip box like we do in Configure Deployment Resources?

Author: @jwitz tip boxes and other annotations should be used sparingly. They are visually obtrusive and are often unnecessary. I don't it is necessary to add a tip box for this text.

> 1. Log in to the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io) and select a Workspace.

Reviewer: I can't make a direct suggestion on step 2 here, but I suggest we either style the bold text as **+ Deployment** or provide a screenshot like the following, maybe even with some snagit highlighting on the button. 
![Screen Shot 2022-06-07 at 7 34 44 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74574233/172512295-2203f453-b336-426b-9bbc-7d4eacba59c4.png)

There's so many other uses of the word "Deployment" on that screen that I don't think it hurts to do a little hand holding here.

Author: @jwitz again, I'm not sure if you're reviewing the most current version of the topic. The text being discussed doesn't appear below a step 2 heading. The text currently appears before the procedure begins which is the correct location for it. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/172607930-4d1fbfad-a7f6-498a-a595-853149a7030a.png)

Typically, screen captures are not provided for button selections and UI controls unless the button or UI control is difficult to locate. The **Deployment** button is the only button on the screen, so a screen capture is unnecessary. As the style guides recommend "refer to a button by its label only". Although the label includes the plus sign, the button label is **Deployment**. There is no need to include the plus sign.

Reviewer: Can we say "the **Deployment** button" to distinguish from the various other uses of Deployment on the page? I can see people getting confused because the Rocket ship button is also labeled "Deployments".

Author: @jwitz the the hover text for the Rocket ship icon is plural (Deployments) and the Deployment button is singular (Deployment):

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/172839501-5e13d5e5-aa24-4066-8f67-fd3fdb34da4b.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/172839591-e929a6be-c5d3-4aac-b3f1-4135d64876c2.png)

However, it seems that this might be a concern. I have added _button_ despite the style guides recommending that it should be avoided.

    - **Description**: Optional. Enter a description for your Deployment. 
    - **Cluster**: Select the Astro Cluster in which you want to create this Deployment.
4. Optional. Edit the Deployment resource settings. See [Configure Deployment Resources](configure-deployment-resources.md). 
5. Click **Create Deployment**. The following screen appears:
5. Click **Create Deployment**. 

>     ![Cloud UI Deployment Configuration](/img/docs/deployment-configuration.png)

Reviewer: Good call on removing this screenshot

>     The initial status of all new Deployments is `UNHEALTHY`. This indicates that the Webserver and Scheduler for the DEployment are being created in your Astro Cluster. In a few minutes, the status changes to `HEALTHY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :::info
  The initial status of all new Deployments is `UNHEALTHY`. This indicates that the Deployment's Webserver and Scheduler are being created in your Astro Cluster. In a few minutes, the status changes to `HEALTHY`.
  :::
```
Now that there's no headers, I think we have some leniency to break up the text with some colored notes. When I checked the preview site, this section didn't look quite right as a second paragraph. If you don't want to style as a note, I'd find a way to keep this in the same paragraph as the rest of step 3.

Author: @jwitz UI behavior descriptions should always follow the task step that causes the behavior. Currently, the text being discussed follows step 5 where a user is instructed to click **Create Deployment**. This is the correct location for this text. Perhaps you're not looking at the most recent version of the topic? Here is how it currently appears:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/172606336-c79a918e-dc96-446b-b08d-ae2e5485cb61.png)

Reviewer: It's not that the text is in the wrong place in terms of order, it's just that it's visually awkward to have a large paragraph following a small sentence. I'd prefer if we could keep it to a single paragraph (this is very nitpicky btw, don't do it if you think it's unnescessary)

> 6. Optional. Click **Open Airflow** to access the Airflow UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Optional. Click **Open Airflow** to access the Airflow UI and confirm that the Deployment was created successfully. 
```
Not sure we need this here, but maybe something to indicate _why_ you'd want to open the Airflow UI

Author: @jwitz I don't think we need this step. Opening Airflow doesn't help a user confirm that Deployment creation was successful. The Airflow UI shows DAGs, not Deployments. Have I missed something?

Author: I have removed the procedure step.
